[Music]
six royal rules that Princess Diana
changed for good it's no secret that
Princess Diana continues to be a symbol
of the British royal family for many
people she was adored and admired for
her actions behavior and personality
quickly changing the image of a princess
from something haughty and unearthly to
someone who is just like us but even
more so she changed some of the ultimate
rules of the monarchy transforming it
into what we know today but which
well-established rules did she boldly
break let's find out before you learn
everything about Diana's true impact
don't forget to click subscribe and turn
on this little notification bell now you
won't miss any fun videos coming daily
from the bright side of life
number 6 she chose her engagement ring
by herself if your imagination is
already painting a picture of Princess
Diana spending hours going from shop to
shop to pick the perfect ring that's not
exactly how the story went the thing is
royal couples usually order their rings
from famous jewelers using family relics
as the main stones for example the
engagement ring of queen elizabeth ii
was made with the purest diamond from
one of the tiaras of princess alice her
mother-in-law but Princess Diana didn't
stick to this rule instead she chose her
ring from a catalog of course it didn't
make it any less gorgeous but as Diana
herself noted it was still far from the
most expensive ring out there now her
jewelry has passed on to Catherine
Duchess of Cambridge the wife of her son
Prince William number five she became
the first woman in the royal family to
deliver her babies outside the palace in
the past
the female members of the British royal
family were way more secretive and
preferred to deliver their babies at
home with all the necessary facilities
for childbirth arranged beforehand
once again Princess Diana did it her way
and gave birth to both of her children
in a hospital breaking this tradition
for good now
royal mothers to be follow in Diana's
footsteps including the Duchess of
Cambridge she gave birth to all three of
her children in the same hospital where
Princess Diana delivered her sons by the
way here's another heartwarming fact
Catherine has left the hospital twice
wearing dresses that closely resembled
Diana's hospital check out dresses
needless to say she looks gorgeous in
both of them number four she had her own
opinions on how to raise her children
before Princess Diana joined the royal
family spending too much time with
children wasn't considered acceptable
neither was expressing parental feelings
in public or taking children abroad for
instance queen elizabeth ii and her
husband always left prince charles with
his grandparents when they traveled
around the world but princess diana
deviated from these formalities and
raised her children in a different way
she was against long separations and
that's why little William and Harry
always traveled with their parents when
they were performing their duties when
talking to her children
Diana usually squatted so that she could
look into their eyes she also wasn't
afraid to express her warm motherly
feelings in public and was constantly
hugging and squeezing her children
despite the fact that this was
considered inappropriate in the royal
family believe it or not Princes William
and Harry also became the first heirs to
the throne to attend kindergarten
Princess Diana basically did everything
she could to make her kids childhoods as
normal as possible
she wrote carousels with them allowed
them to wear jeans and t-shirts and even
used public transport with the boys and
then when her sons were old enough she
took them to different shelters and
hospitals to show them what life was
like outside the palace those are some
real parenting goals there right these
amazing parenting habits were adopted by
her son Prince William and his wife
Catherine
despite being incredibly busy in taking
many trips they try to spend a lot of
time with their children and William
himself changed another royal tradition
that considered the communication of
royal grandchildren with her non-royal
grandparents unacceptable
William and Catherine's children spend
time with all of their grandparents as
well as going to kindergarten number
three she was very open with regular
people pretty much everyone who
remembers Princess Diana associates her
name with kindness of course she wasn't
the only one who visited hospitals and
did humanitarian work but she was the
only one who did it with extreme
sincerity and openness so it wasn't long
before the public started to call her
the people's princess she did things
almost no one else took the time to do
she would hug hiv-infected people
breaking royal protocol when there were
still many fears regarding the safety of
this gesture she also visited six people
in a leper colony fought for the
prohibition of anti-personnel mines and
helped homeless and elderly people
everyone who met her said she had a real
gift her compassion and no other royal
person has ever been so close and
relatable to ordinary people her example
greatly changed the way the royal family
communicates with the public nowadays
Prince Charles in Princes William and
Harry and their wives Catherine and
Megan dedicate a lot of their time to
charity often hugging children or
patients in hospitals sometimes they
even take selfies
number two she wasn't afraid to reveal
her feelings it's no secret that
Princess Diana was a real target for the
paparazzi all over the world despite the
fact that they watched her every step
she was always very sincere with
journalists sometimes overly so in 1995
she secretly gave an interview in which
he confessed to having some difficulties
in her relationship with her husband
unfortunately soon after this interview
aired the couple divorced but Princess
Diana still odd many people by being
honest
in openly sharing her joy and emotions
bringing her even closer to the public
thanks to Diana the British royal family
is now a bit more open about their lives
William and Catherine published photos
of their children to their official
Instagram account and gladly give
interviews and Megan Markel before her
marriage was the first to provide
details of her love story with Harry to
the media earlier than Kensington Palace
confirmed it maybe we have this epoch of
digital technology to thank but who
knows whether this openness would have
been accepted if Princess Diana hadn't
paved the way number one she
experimented with her looks Princess
Diana was the icon of her time in one of
the biggest fashion icons of all time -
she wasn't afraid to break the strict
royal dress code and always managed to
look elegant trendy and beautiful her
love for experiments also significantly
affected her style
for example she once wore a necklace as
a tiara and completely rocked this look
moreover Diana was the first woman in
the royal family to wear pants to an
official event so we guess it's safe to
say that Princess Diana was probably the
biggest fashion revolutionary in the
palace ever nowadays Megan Markel
follows in Princess Diana's footsteps
and often wears pant suits and dresses
with open shoulders breaking royal
protocol Katherine's wardrobe
requirements are way more strict as
she's the mother of the heirs to the
throne but would you like to see her in
something like this as well tell us in
the comments below
so how exactly did all of Princess
Diana's actions change the monarchy well
the answer is simple the Queen and her
associates learned one important lesson
the existence of the monarchy in a UK
depends on public opinion as a result
the royal family has become way more
open just 20 years ago it was hard to
imagine that the Queen would appear to
jump from a helicopter together with
James Bond at the opening ceremony of
the Olympic Games in London but it
totally happened royal celebrations are
no longer held enclosed ceremonial halls
with attendants by invitation only
instead they are held in front of the
palace where all Londoners are welcomed
Diana's breaking of royal protocol
became the starting point for a new era
for the monarchy the princess showed the
whole world one simple thing the royal
family aren't conservative snobs they're
actually just like us with their own
good and bad days joys and sorrows but
what do you think which of the rules
that Princess Diana broke do you find
the most daring and what express your
opinions in the comments below and let's
start a discussion if you enjoyed this
video don't forget to hit the like
button and share it with your friends
and for more bright side action in your
life click Subscribe and join the family
see ya
you